Signup Login Home Novels Short Stories Poems Story Genres Post Story Online Members Signup Login Browse All Stories Ongoing Stories (Novels) Completed Stories (Novels) Romance Stories Action Stories Comedy Stories Adventure Stories Horror Stories Spiritual Stories Historical Stories Tragedy Stories Educational Stories Fiction Stories Non-fiction Stories Nigerian Stories Kenyan Stories South African Stories Ghanaian Stories Ugandan Stories Liberian Stories Igbo Stories Yoruba Stories Hausa Stories Efik Stories Episodes Tears Of Summayah - Introduction Tears Of Summayah - Episode 2 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 3 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 4 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 5 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 6 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 7 Tears Of Summayah - Episode 8 View All Episodes Featuring: Hypocrite stories (105) Abuse stories (59) Arrangedmarriage stories (12) BETRAYED stories (27) Child Abuse stories (15) Conspiracy stories (26) Death stories (63) Disappointment stories (39) Drama stories (36) Ease stories (3) Early Marriage stories (10) Ebonystory stories (30) Family stories (89) Fears stories (27) Fiction stories (69) Force Marriage stories (8) Girlfriend stories (22) Greedy stories (4) Guilty stories (8) Hate stories (33) Hausa stories (16) Hospital stories (13) Intimacy stories (21) Jealousy stories (42) Kisses stories (7) Life stories (56) Lust stories (16) Marriage stories (41) Mockery stories (7) Mother In Law stories (4) No To Rape stories (6) Poverty stories (13) Pregnancy stories (20) Sickle Cell stories (5) Shyness stories (2) Social Media stories (4) Spiritual stories (15) Violence stories (17) Virgin stories (7) Virginity stories (8) Wedding stories (10) Tears stories (15) Summayah stories (1) Lies stories (26) Browse All Stories Tears Of Summayah - Episode 1 See all episodes here » Free Ongoing Fully Funded Scholarships Guide 2026 (Download Now) Out of all the things Summayah ever had the pleasure of witnessing, the night sky would always be one of the most beautiful.

The stars shone bright and clear that night, each and every one of the countless pinpricks of light weaving together in the blackness to create a gorgeous canvas of sky. Sumayyah opened the windows in her study to allow a faint breeze blow through the entire room, relieving the residual heat from that particularly garish day. The breeze cooled her body and filled her with a serenity that she cherished. The serenity she found in the late hours of the night made her feel like she was in the eye of a storm, safe and protected from the chaos of life.

Summayah stepped back from the window and settled down at her desk with a sigh of contentment, savoring the silence before opening her history book. Sitting there calmly, exploring the world from her room, she was happy. Heaving another dreamy sigh, she turned the page to continue reading the story of the warrior Queen, Aminah of Zazzau (now Zaria), whose famous exploits and brave disposition was nothing short of legendary. 'I wish I could be like her,' Sumayyah thought dreamily.

She took a moment to let her imagination run way, filling her mind with images of herself dressed in a warrior’s garb and a bejeweled crown on her head. Unbeknownst to Sumayyah, she was only moments away from a hurricane; a storm so great, it would shatter her dreams and turn the whole of her life upside down. “Sumayyah, Ku zo nan don dan lokaci (come here for a moment)!" Called her father from the other room, jolting her out of her reverie. “Ee baba zan dawo (Yes father, I am coming)!" She answered All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/tears-of-summayah.

Fixing her glasses properly on the bridge of her nose, Sumayyah placed her pencil on the table and grudgingly left her seat at the desk, marking her place so she could continue later. Sumayyah knew not to keep her father waiting whenever he called. Mallam Yusuf Sanusi was a strict disciplinarian, who refused to tolerate nonsense from anyone, much less his own children. The one time that Sumayyah had ever dared to disregard her father, was a few years ago when she was only nine years old.

On that fateful day, Mallam Yusuf had called her while she was playing with her friends outside their home and Sumayyah had completely and deliberately ignored him. Long story short, Sumayyah learned very quickly that day to never underestimate her father's authority, no matter the circumstance. If she ever forgot, the scars on her right thigh did a good job of reminding her to do the right thing. Summayah quietly closed her bedroom door and walked briskly to her parents’ bedroom, stepping through the door to see them seated side by side on the couch in the corner.

Her mother’s head was bowed, refusing to meet Sumayyah’s eyes. Mallam Yusuf, on the other hand, had a grim expression on his face that made summayah's gut tense with worry. And a little fear. She knew that look; Her Father only ever made that face when he was troubled, and that usually meant bad news for Summayah. Not to mention the fact that it was late, and her parents rarely had talks with her at such an hour. “Here I am, father,” She announced simply.

She waited nervously with bated breath, bracing herself for whatever her parents had to say. “...Sumayyah,” Mallam Yusuf began. Although his voice was calm, she could still hear the agitation in it. “Yes father?” "You are fifteen now, and have grown into a fine young lady…" Her father stopped and allowed his voice to trail off. "Y-yes," Sumayyah responded hesitantly, her affirmation sounding more like a question than anything else. Whatever this was about, it wasn't good.

Her father was a steady man who was rarely troubled by anything, and her mother still refused to meet her eyes. She had a feeling that the conversation was headed in a bad direction. Mallam Yusuf sighed and continued: "You do know what the custom is," he began, "I know you have been taught this through the years." He paused again and looked to his wife for help. Not that she noticed, as she was engrossed in staring at a particular spot on the floor.

Sumayyah felt her heart stop beating. The only custom that her father could mean was that of… Her father took a deep breath and continued, fixing her with a grim look. "Summayah, you have been betrothed to someone," he informed her gravely. Sumayyah's heart skipped a beat, sank, and plummeted all the way to her feet. The room felt much smaller, and it suddenly wasn't so easy to breathe. Sumayyah glanced at her mother in disbelief, as if asking if this was really true.

The guilt and regret in her eyes gave Summayah her answer. "What- what do you mean?" Sumayyah asked when she found her voice. The beginnings of tears began to form in her eyes, blurring her vision. "It means that you are to be married. And soon," Mallam Yusuf explained sadly. Although she had heard them the first time, Summayah was still shocked by her father’s words. The world began to spin as the walls of the room seemed to close in steadily around her.

She wished she had somewhere to get away, to hide, wished the ground would open up and swallow her. But that wasn't going to happen, was it? There would be no escape for her. She felt like screaming at her father. How could he do this to her? What would become of all her dreams and aspirations? She had had so many plans. She had always wanted to travel, to see the world she read about in books, to learn from the people and places she'd go. She wanted to help and heal people, to become a Doctor and use the knowledge she gained for good.

Yes, she had marriage in her sights, but not for a long time coming and certainly not an arranged one. Her marriage was supposed to be with someone she chose to love. It was supposed to be her choice. No one else's. Now that dream was being crushed to bits and she was powerless to put a stop to it. Sumayyah felt tired and helpless. Broken. "What about my education?" She protested weakly, her voice wavering with hurt and betrayal as she met and held his gaze, "I am still in secondary school.” "Your education is something that you can discuss with your future husband.

I know this is hard- it isn't easy for your mother and me either," her father said softly, his face tense. Sumayyah looked to her mother in desperation. Surely she wouldn't let them do this to her. She couldn't! “Mother, please. I don’t even know this man I am supposed to marry,” she pleaded, searching her face for a speck of sympathy. “I am sorry, Sumayyah. The deed is already done. If only...” her Mother trailed off into silence. “Haba Fatima. Don’t fill her head with false assurances,” Mallam Yusuf scolded his wife, who hung her head submissively.

“I am sorry," she apologised. "But-" Sumayyah tried again. "No buts, Sumayyah,” Mallam Yusuf cut in sternly, “This betrothal happened long before you were born and wallahi our family has never broken faith. We will not start now." Sumayyah was shocked, trying to find the words to respond. A flicker of anger lit within her alongside her despair. "Is this true?" she asked, her brown eyes meeting her parents’ through her glasses. Hajia Fatima looked to Mallam Yusuf expectantly.

"Yes. It is true, Sumayyah. You have lived by the Holy Quran your whole life and you know that a person must always fulfill promises made," Her father answered, firm in his decision. He was right of course, but that did not excuse the fact that such a promise should never have been kept from her. It wasn't right. It wasn't fair! "Why was such a promise made?" Sumayyah almost screamed. The only answer she got was silence. "Will his family take care of me?" Summayah queried again, trying a new tactic, “I mean do they know that I am a sickler?” It was true.

Sumayyah was a sickle cell anaemia patient and she wondered what sort of person would want a sick girl for a wife or in-law. "Don't worry, sweetheart. Everything will be fine," Her father assured her, trying and failing for a soothing tone. A long stretch of silence crept into the room, filling the air with tension. The quiet unnerved Sumayyah, seeping into her blood. She felt trapped in the violent war raging in her mind. the eye of the storm had passed; now she had to face the hurricane alone.

Panic and hysteria mounted in her chest, screaming through her bloodstream. Finally, in a voice she couldn’t believe was hers, she spoke. "...I understand dad.” Her father nodded, relaxing a little. If he was surprised, he didn’t show it. "Good night" Sumayyah said simply, turning and leaving the room without another word. That night, Sumayyah went without a wink of sleep, tossing and turning while her racing thoughts got the best of her. How much would her life change?

She cried more that night than she ever had in her entire life. That night, she knew the course of her life was changed forever... Scholarships for International Students in USA 2025 Wants to study in Canada? Checkout this ongoing scholarships in Canada Add us on whatsapp for story update +234 902 103 7057 Written by Timi Ebonystory.com Views (31340) Likes (20) Comments (16) Rating (4.6) Like ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rate Share Special sparkle, Elizabeth Kaitesi, Atinuke Ahmed, Zainab Mohammed and 16 others likes this episode Read Next Episode → Next → ← Read Previous Episode Blessed Daniel Suspense..Next Pls.

Gud Start Writer. Godiya Wisdom Welcome writer Timi.... It was a beautiful beginning Timi @Godiya Wisdom Thank you so much for reading, i really appreciate it. I will update soon. Blessed Daniel Pls Do. We Ar Waiting With Anxiety In Our Heart. carmen Poor girl [email protected] poor custom Celestina Oranye I feel for her Timi @Carmen, @Celestina Oranye Thank you so much for checking TOS out. Timi @ [email protected] You are right, we need to choose who we want by ourselves.

Aremu Wuraola Yekeen Poor girl Queen Demmynicrown nice story, pls can I share it Ucheoma Rufus Hmmmm life of a girl child, it's well Clementina Suarex I feel for her ooo Horllarmann Hmm! Hausa style Emmanuel stephen Let her accept the fate like that. Special sparkle I love it Comments motivate writers to write more. Please kindly drop one Drop Your Comment Here Don't miss our story update, follow us on social media Follow us on Facebook @ebonystoryseries Add us on whatsapp 234 902 103 7057 Other Episodes of Tears Of Summayah ↓ Tears Of Summayah - Introduction views (28833) | comments (9) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 2 views (20118) | comments (8) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 3 views (19052) | comments (15) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 4 views (20133) | comments (18) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 5 views (19842) | comments (18) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 6 views (17738) | comments (9) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 7 views (17686) | comments (9) Tears Of Summayah - Episode 8 views (17189) | comments (8) See All Available Episodes Featuring: Hypocrite stories (105) Abuse stories (59) Arrangedmarriage stories (12) BETRAYED stories (27) Child Abuse stories (15) Conspiracy stories (26) Death stories (63) Disappointment stories (39) Drama stories (36) Ease stories (3) Early Marriage stories (10) Ebonystory stories (30) Family stories (89) Fears stories (27) Fiction stories (69) Force Marriage stories (8) Girlfriend stories (22) Greedy stories (4) Guilty stories (8) Hate stories (33) Hausa stories (16) Hospital stories (13) Intimacy stories (21) Jealousy stories (42) Kisses stories (7) Life stories (56) Lust stories (16) Marriage stories (41) Mockery stories (7) Mother In Law stories (4) No To Rape stories (6) Poverty stories (13) Pregnancy stories (20) Sickle Cell stories (5) Shyness stories (2) Social Media stories (4) Spiritual stories (15) Violence stories (17) Virgin stories (7) Virginity stories (8) Wedding stories (10) Tears stories (15) Summayah stories (1) Lies stories (26) Browse All Stories Latest Story Episodes ↓ MY CAMPUS LIFE 2 - Episode 26 views (33511) | comments (13) MY CAMPUS LIFE 2 - Episode 25 views (16985) | comments (3) MY CAMPUS LIFE 2 - Episode 24 views (16453) | comments (2) MY CAMPUS LIFE 2 - Episode 23 views (20118) | comments (7) Trapped - Episode 14 views (43838) | comments (19) Trapped - Episode 13 views (27494) | comments (9) Trapped - Episode 12 views (26622) | comments (4) Trapped - Episode 11 views (26522) | comments (7) Trapped - Episode 10 views (27225) | comments (4) Trapped - Episode 9 views (27444) | comments (15) Trapped - Episode 8 views (27213) | comments (5) Trapped - Episode 7 views (26799) | comments (6) Trapped - Episode 6 views (26398) | comments (5) Trapped - Episode 5 views (29029) | comments (8) Trapped - Episode 4 views (29377) | comments (6) Trapped - Episode 3 views (32069) | comments (6) See More Episodes Featured Stories ↓ Dance With Me(Silent Whispers) Romance Story By Ifeoma Isabella Okeke Views (963,497) Forgetting Yesterday Romance Story By Bebe Ernest Views (815,690) When A Man Wants Romance Story By Tobi Loba Views (1,150,023) The Honeymoon Spiritual Story By Moyosore Teniola Views (549,120) Today's World Spiritual Story By Murjanatu Alkali Views (130,703) Amidst Temptations Romance Story By Funmi Anita Adesina Views (1,069,596) Mmesoma's Dilemma Romance Story By Eboseremen Views (676,779) 1 Ebonites currently online Are you a good story writer?

Thousands of readers are waiting to engage their emotions with your story. Let the world read your story and know you. Click the button below to start writing Post Your Story » ↑ African Story Community EbonyStory.com is the best place to read and share fresh interesting African stories online. Starting from Romance stories, Adventure stories, Action stories, Spiritual stories, Horror stories and many more. All our stories are free and no signup required to start reading.

We have wonderful writers that are ever ready to give you the latest interesting stories with moral lessons to keep you smiling all day. The quality of our stories together with the simplicity of our platform makes us one of the best in Africa. Our stories are written inform of Story Book ( Novels ), Short Story and Poem You can subscribe for our story update via: Facebook, Whatsapp, Twitter, Instagram If you have any complain email [email protected] or call +2349021037057 Go Up Contact Us Terms Policy Post Story About Us Home Copyright © 2026 EbonyStory