I had chicken pox so i was left at home with success. Success was my cousin and she lives with us in our little thatched house in the village. My parents didn't want to leave me but they had to harvest the maize at the farm before it dries up or get eaten by birds. Success didn't want to watch me but she volunteered so that when my parents were gone she could go with her friends to swim and avoid farm work. So as soon as my family went out she came to my room and told me she was leaving.

"there is some food in the kitchen if you get hungry later. I will be back soon" she says as she dashed out. She knows i wouldn't report. The chicken pox made me fall into an uncomfortable sleep and when i woke up i was hungry. I went into the kitchen and saw that jacky, our dog was eating my food. "oh no. What do i do?" i say as i walk away from the kitchen. As i came out of our kitchen, i saw Mr ogoh. Mr ogoh was an old man who lived alone All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence.

He was also a family friend who we shared a fence with. "Rachel, how are you, i heard you have chicken pox so you couldn't go to the farm today" he said "good afternoon sir, i am fine" "good...so are you alone?" "yes sir" "you don't look happy, what is wrong?" he asked me and I told him about my food that our dog ate so he told me not to worry as he went into his kitchen and brought me food. I was just twelve years old then so i didn't think it was wrong to eat the food he gave me.

And he was a family friend. So i just ate the food. I never knew that was the beginning of my end...

Success came home an hour after i ate the food and i told her about how jacky ate my food and how Mr ogoh was kind enough to help me by giving me food from his house.

Success didn't seem to care. She just rushed to the kitchen to cook our evening meal before my parents came back from the farm. When our parents got back, i told them about Mr ogoh giving me food when jacky ate mine. I didn't tell them about success leaving the house. I didn't want her to get in trouble so i told them success was sleeping so i didn't want to wake her when jacky ate my food. My parents were thankful for the help and decided to thank Mr ogoh the next day.

Later that night, after falling asleep, i had a dream. I saw my self among a group of people wearing black gowns. I was the youngest there and it was so scary. Read " Redemption " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). I looked around and saw Mr ogoh there. He came to me and i cried for him to take me home. He told me not to worry that i was now among special people and that they would make all my wishes and requests come true. This made me stop crying All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence.

I saw it as an opportunity to help my family, so i asked them to make my father rich. They gave me a calabash and asked me to put it under my parents bamboo bed. They told me that it would make us rich. They also warned me not to tell anybody about them and the calabash, or my father would die. I accepted the calabash then i woke up. At first, i thought it was just a dream but then i saw an identical calabash by my bed. I usually slept beside success and she was still asleep so i tip-toed out of our room.

I took the calabash to my parents room and put it under their bed. The next morning, i was so excited and happy about what happened. I was so proud of my self for supposedly helping my family. Before going to the farm, my mom had taken me to Mr ogoh's house to thank him for his help the previous day. They had no clue what he had done to their innocent kid. If only they knew.

Three days later, i was awaken by my mother's scream.

I woke up with a start and ran to my mom's room. Read " Mirage " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). When i got there, i saw my mother sitting on the ground wailing. My other siblings were also there. "brother favour, what is wrong with mama?"i asked my eldest brother. "can't you see papa is hurt"he said pointing to my father who was lying on the bed. I didn't notice him when i entered but then i saw what was wrong. My dad's right leg was decaying and it had maggots all over it.

My dad was fine the previous night so i couldn't understand what went wrong. I turned to look at the sad faces of my family. I didn't know what to do so i went to Mr ogoh to ask for help, since he told me he would make all my wishes come true. All i wanted then was for my father to be healed. When i saw him, i told him about my father's predicament and asked him for help. He told me it was my fault All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence.

He said i didn't place the calabash rightly and now my father would die because of me. They never told me how to place the calabash so i was confused. But as a twelve years old naive child i didn't know i was being manipulated. Mr ogoh sent me home and told me he would make my father better. He also told me, i was a bad person who made my father sick. I went home feeling guilty, not knowing what else to do but believing Mr ogoh's lies.

My dad never got better.

He was diagnosed at the community hospital of having leg cancer. He couldn't go to the farm anymore and this made our daily income to decrease while our expenditure increased. We had to purchase a set of crutches for my father so he could move around the house. I was always left at home to look after my father. This wasn't what i wanted. I complained day after day to Mr ogoh but he always told me they were working on it. One fateful day, while i was complaining to Mr ogoh again, my dad walked in on us.

I never knew if he heard what we were saying but the next day my father died. Read " A woman's dilemma " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). As usual Mr ogoh told me it was my fault. It was a sad event for my family. I cried my eyes out that day and at the burial. People tried consoling me but i knew i didn't deserve their consolations because i did it. I killed my father. After my father's death, everything cooled down. I tried to avoid Mr ogoh at all cost All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence.

I wasn't asked to do anything else in my dreams. The meetings in my dream continued but i was only a spectator. I watched people offer their family members. Two years later, things started getting better for my family. My sister blessing got married to a rich contractor from the city and this made our standard of living to improve. My brother, favour also got admitted into the university. Mr ovie, my sister's husband provided money for all his school expenses.

He also promised to sponsor favour through out his five years of studying electrical engineering. Joy was back in my family but then i got an unexpected visitor. ***************** *who do you think was the visitor?*

Success and i had just retired to our room after eating.

She told me stories about warri which was where she lived with her mother before she came to live with us. I laughed alot that night to her tales. Little did i know that that was the last laugh that would leave my lips for a long time. Success fell asleep before me. As soon as i closed my eyes to sleep, i felt some one tap me. I opened my eyes to see who it was and standing before me was my father's ghost. He was clothed in white and he was crying.

I sat up to touch him but my hand went through him. I cried and begged him to forgive me, i told him i was sorry but he just kept crying. I tried to touch him again and that was when success shook me. Apparently, it was a dream. Success held me and tried to console me. She asked me what was wrong but i couldn't say anything. "i heard you saying, i am sorry for killing you papa, please forgive me, so you better start telling me what is going on or else i will report you to mama" she said "you can't!...it was just a stupid dream, forget about it" "no!...i want to help you.

Tell me what is wrong All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence. You used to always be a vibrant girl but ever since dad died you became introverted. Tell me what is wrong" "i can't, you don't understand" i tried to explain but she was already moving from the bed towards the door. But Suddenly, she just slumped and fell. "success!... You are scaring me, wake up" i tried to wake her but then my mom entered the room.

"racheal, what is wrong?. What happened to success?" "i don't know, she just fell"i said weeping. My mother started wailing and screaming for help. Read " Set me free " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). Faith, prosper, God'spower, Mr ogoh and some of our other neighbours rushed into the room. Soon, the room was filled with wailing women and children. I just stood there, too shocked to utter a word. I looked from success' lifeless body to Mr ogoh.

Since he came in, he has been giving me secret smiles and this made me suspicious. I moved to the end of the room to where he was. "what have you done?" i asked whispering "i just did what you wanted"he said shrugging "i didn't want that. I don't want her to die. I never wanted this" "i just did what you wished for..you wished she was dead in your mind right?" "what?!... I was just angry. Please wake her up. Please"i begged. "what is done is done, so you better go there and cry for your cousin"he said and walked out.

I dragged my depleted body over to where my family was, and just like he said, i cried for my cousin. Nobody suspected anything. Ofcourse i was just a fifteen years old quiet child. What harm could i possibly do in their eyes?. But i could already feel that my time here was already coming to an end.

After the death of success, i shut down completely.

My mother didn't notice anything because she was always busy with the farm and our kiosk at the market. In school i was always alone. I didn't want my friends to get hurt or die because of me so i avoided them. I never paid attention in class. I was just an empty shell waiting for when calamity will strike again. My next victim was my PHE teacher. Mrs Edith was a chubby middle age woman. I was sick that fateful day so i wasn't participating in the exercise with my other classmates.

She came to me and asked why i wasn't participating. I told her i was sick so i couldn't join in. She just looked at me with disgust and fury. "you think pretending to be sick will get you out of participating right?... You are so mistaken. Now go over there and pick pin" "but i can't ma'am, i am really sick, i am not pretending" i said tryin to convince her. But the more i begged, the angrier she became. She dragged me to the teacher's office where i was flogged and disgraced.

My sickness escalated because of the strokes of cane i received. That night, I made sure i didn't wish her death because the last time i did, success died. I stayed at home for two days after that. When i went back to school, i heard Mrs Edith was dead All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence. She drowned at the village stream. So again, i have caused another death. I know talking to Mr ogoh won't help, so i kept quiet.

Days later, aunt rose, my mom's sister came to visit us with her two children. Maro, the first daughter of aunty rose was assigned to my room which was the only available room in the house at that time. I protested, but nobody listened. They thought i was just being selfish. Read " Intoxicated Romance " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). That night, i stayed awake, i couldn't sleep from fear of what would happen. Hours after Maro fell asleep, i was still awake watching over her.

I watched over her till dawn before sleep took me. Some time later, i heard my mom enter my room. It was a Saturday and we had to go to the farm. I opened my eyes and turned and told her, i was already awake. She smiled then moved to the other side of the bed to wake maro. She tapped maro's shoulder and called her name but there was no reply. We thought she was just a deep sleeper so i called her name louder and shook her. Still no reply. That was when i noticed that maro hadn't moved an inch from where she slept last night.

Apparently, while i kept watch over her through out the night, she was already dead. Aunty rose was devastated. She accused my mother of being a witch who killed her husband and maro. My mother just kept apologizing while looking at me. I was at that time, she knew something was wrong with me.

After the death of maro, Mr ogoh informed me that i was of age to start performing yearly sacrifice.

Read " To Hate Emmanuel Johnsons " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). He said if i didn't offer anybody, they would help me choose. Maro was just the first sacrifice. A family meeting was called after maro's burial to discuss the allegations towards my mother. Blessing and her husband also came for meeting. My mother denied knowing anything about the death of my father and her niece, maro. Since there was no evidence, the matter was dropped to aunty rose's disappointment.

Sister blessing and her husband stayed for a week. The night before their departure, my mother called a meeting in our sitting room. At the meeting she asked aunty blessing and her husband to take me to live with them in warri so i could write my waec there and help my sister in her boutique. My sister and her husband accepted. James, my sister's husband left the next day because of his business while my sister stayed for additional three days to help me pack and get ready for our trip.

I had mixed feelings about going to warri. I was happy that i was leaving because i would be far away from my family and wouldn't hurt them anymore All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence. Also, i wouldn't see Mr ogoh anymore. I thought maybe if i was far away, they wouldn't haunt me anymore. But i was sad because if they still tormented me, i would be bringing destruction to my sister's family.but i had no choice, i had to go.


My village in ughelli wasn't far from warri, so the journey wasn't a long one but the transition from thatched houses, a few block houses and dusty foot paths to storey buildings and tarred roads was fascinating.i was excited.

I hoped it was a new beginning. Sister blessing's house was a duplex. It was like a palace. When i entered through the gate, i was flabbagasted. Sister blessing laughed beside me as the gate man took my things inside. I was shown my room where i took my bath in the beautiful bathroom. After taking my bath, i was called to the dining room for dinner. Mr James wasn't at home when we arrived but he was already sitting at the dining room when i entered.

I could already perceive the aroma of jolof rice. I was directed to a chair beside my sister. I sat as my sister served our meal. My sister's husband was just smiling at my sister like she meant the whole world to him as she served. I envied what they had but i knew i didn't deserve to envy them because of all the things i have done. After i was served, i started eating but felt that i was being watched so i raised my head. Mr James was looking at me with a disapproving stare.

"you didn't pray before eating" he said. "Racheal, you should always pray before eating, don't they teach you that in church?"he continued. I just stared at him and shrugged All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence. My parents were never staunch Christians so we didn't really appreciate the essence of prayer. We only went to church when we were invited for dedications or burials. We never knew Christ.

Our names were biblical but that was not because we were religious but because my parents wanted to belong. Read " To Live For Once (Set Me Free II) " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). Everybody was during it. So they just joined. Mr James sighed when he saw i wasn't saying anything. He held my hands and my sister's as he prayed for the meal. That was the first time i noticed the power in the name of Jesus. As soon as Mr James said 'in Jesus name' my heart leapt and i felt my body going hot through out the prayer.

It was a strange feeling that i didn't understand at that time. After the prayer, we ate and i left to my room. I was still thinking about my body's reaction to prayer when my aunty walked into the room. She gave me a new phone and told me i would be starting my waec lesson the next week. She said it was evening lesson so i could help her in the shop. I thanked her and she told me to go down for night devotion and again, my heart skipped. My aunty led the songs and i tried to flow but i didn't know the songs very well.

Mr James led the prayers and the same feeling of heat enveloped me. After the prayers i went to my room to sleep. And that night there was no meeting. 'Was i saved or were they just giving me time to adjust?' i asked my self. Scholarships for International Students in USA 2025 Wants to study in Canada? Checkout this ongoing scholarships in Canada Add us on whatsapp for story update +234 902 103 7057 Written by Ameh juliet Ebonystory.com Views (15605) Likes (6) Comments (10) Rating (5) Like ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rate Share Zainab Mohammed, Prevailer Chukwu, Teema Zarma, zinny and 2 others likes this episode Read Next Episode → Next → ← Read Previous Episode Amma time to adjust...hahaaha Abigail Amande These ones are short o...good one sha.

Lizzy Marcus Too short but interesting Olaleye Adedamola More interested but short page, thank God that Racheal sister her husband know Jesus dey could have been among d sacrifice. Next episode simon chege Wow hope she wil be delivered next Pliz Julih Ameh juliet Tanks y'all Jemmy Zee Thank God her sister's family is godly!!! Hmmm I pray she doesn't cause an issue between them to destroy their spiritual balance oh! Kai witchcraft is evil!!! Well done Julliet Ameh!

Ameh juliet Thanks jemmy Imy Jackson There is power in prayers

 Six days went by and i didn't have any dreams/meeting.

Six days of daily mornin and night devotions. I had gone with my sister to her boutique for five days. My life seemed normal, and the waec lesson was starting the next day. The morning i started the waec lesson was not eventful. I just went to the store. Then by 3:30pm my sister took me to attend the lesson as i wasn't familiar with the town. After my sister got me registered, she left me there after giving me T-fare to go home. I was nervous about going into the class so i stood at the entrance of the class for a while.

I was just standing there when i felt some one's hands on my shoulder. I turned and saw a guy behind me. He was still holding my shoulder, and he was smiling. That smile did something to my tummy. It was like hundreds of butterflies were dancing in my stomach. "i am sorry, but you were blocking the entrance. You seemed lost in thoughts" he said "by the way i am Kevin".he said as he stretched his other hand towards me and watched me. He was handsome, tall, had broad shoulders and a stunning smile.

Still, i didn't reply, i never had any illusions in my mind that i would have a happy ending because of all I've done. So instead of replying, i walked into the class All episodes of this story can be found here >> https://www.ebonystory.com/story/stolen-innocence. His hand fell off my shoulder and i missed his touch instantly. I walked to an empty seat at the back of the class and sat down. I didn't know if and when Mr ogoh and his crew would act again but i didn't want to befriend anybody.

I won't take any chances that could hurt innocent people again. Kelvin didn't look offended that i ignored him. He just kept smiling at me even when he walked to his seat which coincidentally was behind mine. Throughout the class that day, i felt his presence behind me. I tried not to look behind me at him but after an hour of trying, i gave into temptation and looked behind me. Read " Star-crossed " by the same author ( Ameh juliet ). He was sitting back in his chair looking at me with a big grin on his face like he knew i couldn't resist looking at him.

I turned forward and blushed. The classes fled by and soon it was over. And i only looked thrice!. That was a big achievement. Kelvin was like a magnet. As soon as the last teacher let the class, i pack my books with lightning speed and rushed out of the class. I only slowed down when i got to a street junction. I had told my sister that i knew my way back home but now i was confuse. Every where looked identical. I tried to concentration and remember the right way but then some body touched my shoulder.

It was already dark so i thought maybe it was a robber but when i turned, i saw it was kelvin and his stupid smile. Ok not stupid but still, what's with this guy and my shoulder?. "hey mystery girl, you left your pen by your desk"he said, lifting a pen up to show me. I didn't want to talk to him but i just had to ask. "mystery girl?" "yea, you didn't tell me your name when i told you mine earlier so i decided to call your mystery girl" "you know that's not funny right?..and that's not my pen"i told him while looking around trying to figure out which way to go.

"i know...I just wanted to talk to you..you just keep walking or running away from me" "well that is because i dnt want to talk to you, i don't want to know you so please stop talking to me, so i can figure out my way home" "wait, you are lost?..don't worry your prince charming is here to rescue you. I'll take you home. I know i am kind.No need to thank me"he smirked "i dnt need your help, just go away" "look, i get it, you don't want to talk to me, but please just let me take you home, its already late, you could get in trouble" he had a point so i gave him my sister's address.

He walked me to our gate and before i could thank him, he walked away. Scholarships for International Students in USA 2025 Wants to study in Canada?